OADP-4622 Multiple BSL and VSL (#80125)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-vsl.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/installing/configuring-oadp-multiple-vsl.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-configuring-dpa-multiple-vsl_{context}"]
= Configuring the DPA with more than one VSL

You configure the DPA with more than one VSL and specify the credentials provided by the cloud provider. Make sure that you configure the snapshot location in the same region as the persistent volumes. See the following example.

.Example DPA

> [source, yaml]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,yaml]
```

----

> #...

Reviewer 2: same here

Author: Done.

snapshotLocations:
  - velero:
      config:
        profile: default
        region: <region> # <1>
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: cloud-credentials
      provider: aws
  - velero:
      config:
        profile: default
        region: <region>
      credential:
        key: cloud
        name: <custom_credential> # <2>
      provider: aws
#...
----

> <1> Specify the region. The snapshot location must be in the same region as the PVs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Specify the region. The snapshot location must be in the same region as the persistent volumes.
```
